# Name Host [Port [Subsystem]]
component01 localhost -1
component02 localhost -1
component03 localhost -1
component04 localhost -1
component05 localhost -1
component06 localhost -1
component07 localhost -1
component08 localhost -1
component09 localhost -1
component10 localhost -1
component11 localhost
component12 localhost
component13 localhost
component14 localhost
component15 localhost
component16 localhost
component17 localhost
component18 localhost
component19 localhost
component_subsystem_2 localhost -1 2
